Revamp our documentation and refactor a bit (#1433)
jupyterhub/repo2docker: docs/source/use/repository.md

# Using source repositories

(usage-config-file-location)=

## Where to put configuration files in a repository

`repo2docker` will look for configuration files in the following order:

- The root directory of the repository.
- A folder named `binder/` or `.binder/` in the root of the repository.

  If one of these folders exists, only configuration files in that folder are considered, configuration in the root directory will be ignored.
  Having both `binder/` and `.binder/` folders is not allowed.

Check the complete list of [configuration files](#config-files) supported
by `repo2docker` to see how to configure the build process.

(repository-providers)=

## Supported repository providers

> repo2docker can fetch repositories from a number of repositories. Here are the ones we support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`repo2docker` can fetch repositories from a number of repositories. Here are the various types of _repository references_ we support:
```

- A URL of a Git repository (`https://github.com/binder-examples/requirements`),
- A Zenodo DOI (`10.5281/zenodo.1211089`),
- A [SWHID] (`swh:1:rev:999dd06c7f679a2714dfe5199bdca09522a29649`),
- A URL of a [CKAN] dataset (`https://demo.ckan.org/dataset/sample-dataset-1`)
- A path to a local directory (`a/local/directory`)

[swhid]: https://docs.softwareheritage.org/devel/swh-model/persistent-identifiers.html
[ckan]: https://ckan.org

In each case you can build from these repository sources like so:

```bash

> jupyter-repo2docker <URL-ID-or-path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jupyter-repo2docker <repository-reference>
```
